---
title: MicroBeetles:Thermally-Actuated 1-DOF Translational Nano-stage with Closed-loop Positioning
author: Chuoqi Chen
date: 2022-04-28 18:02:00 -0400
categories: [Projects, MEMS]
tags: [mems, circuits]
math: true
mermaid: true
image:
  path: /commons/devices-mockup.png
  width: 800
  height: 500
  alt: Responsive rendering of Chirpy theme on multiple devices.
---

<style>body {text-align: justify}</style>

Thermally-actuated 1 degree of freedom translational Nano-stage was designed, fabricated and tested. The driving and sensing circuit for the stage are also designed customizedly. 

---
**EECS425 Coursework Project**         

**Duration**: *02/2022-05/2022*

**Teammates**: Daniel Garan, Zhenzhen Gu, Meng-Lin Hseih, Yan Yang

---

## Introduction
Precise positioning of mechanical components is important for many applications. These positioning components can be used as micro-mirrors or lenses in optical application or they could serve as actuators in scanning porbe microscopy, sensors in micro-force measuring, or even used in data storage systems. According to the applications, these mechanical positioning components may require different operation specification, for example limitations in component sizes, requirement for specific natural frequencies, or the need for a certain maximum displacement. To fulfill these different kinds of specification goals, the use of microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) technology has been investigated intensively. MEMS technology is desirable in designing and fabricating these micro/nano positioning components due to its advantages of small sizes and its numerous available sensing/actuating schemes to meet the
required specs for different applications.

For the use of nano stages in metrology applications, several different types of MEMS positioning stages has been investigated including electrostatic, thermal and piezoelectric actuated postitioning stages. 

## Microsystem Operation
## MEMS Design
## Circuit Design
## Summary and Conclusion
